Title: Shop

----

Categories: Trousers, Outerwear, Bodysuits, Accessoires, Skirts, Dresses, Tops/shirts, Jumpsuit

----

Sizes: XS, S, M, L, one-size, one pair

----

Terms-conditions:

Terms & Conditions in short
By ordering any of our products, you agree to be bound by these terms & conditions.
By placing an order at DANZ, you warrant that you are at least 18 years old or have parents' permission to buy from us.
All personal information you provide us with or that we obtain will be handled by DANZas responsible for the personal information.
Events outside DANZcontrol shall be considered force majeure.
The price applicable is that set at the date on which you place your order.
Shipping costs and payment fees are recognized before confirming the purchase.
Card information is transmitted over secure SSL encryption and is not stored.
Please note that local charges may occur.
DANZ reserves the right to amend any information without prior notice.
Please read these Terms and Conditions carefully before accessing or using our website. By accessing or using any part of the site, you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access the website or use any services. 
 
Terms & Conditions
This page contains the terms & conditions. Please read these terms & conditions carefully before ordering any products from us. You should understand that by ordering any of our products, you agree to be bound by these terms & conditions.
By placing an order at DANZ, you warrant that you are at least 18 years old (or have parents' permission to buy from us) and accept these terms & conditions which shall apply to all orders placed or to be placed at DANZ for the sale and supply of any products. None of these terms & conditions affect your statutory rights. No other terms or changes to the terms & conditions shall be binding unless agreed in writing signed by us.
 
Personal Information
All personal information you provide us with or that we obtain will be handled by DANZ as responsible for the personal information. The personal information you provide will be used to ensure deliveries to you, the credit assessment, to provide offers and information on our catalog to you. The information you provide is only available to DANZ and will not be shared with other third parties. You have the right to inspect the information held about you. You always have the right to request DANZ to delete or correct the information held about you. By accepting the DANZ  Conditions, you agree to the above.
 
Third-Party Links

Certain content, products and services available via our Service may include materials from third-parties.
Third-party links on this site may direct you to third-party websites that are not affiliated with us. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating the content or accuracy and we do not warrant and will not have any liability or responsibility for any third-party materials or websites, or for any other materials, products, or services of third-parties.
We are not liable for any harm or damages related to the purchase or use of goods, services, resources, content, or any other transactions made in connection with any third-party websites. Please review carefully the third-party’s policies and practices and make sure you understand them before you engage in any transaction. Complaints, claims, concerns, or questions regarding third-party products should be directed to the third-party.


Force Majeure
Events outside DANZ control, which is not reasonably foreseeable, shall be considered force majeure, meaning that DANZ is released from DANZ's obligations to fulfill contractual agreements. Example of such events are government action or omission, new or amended legislation, conflict, embargo, fire or flood, sabotage, accident, war, natural disasters, strikes or lack of delivery from suppliers. The force majeure also includes government decisions that affect the market negatively and products, for example, restrictions, warnings, ban, etc.
 
Modifications To The Service And Prices

Prices for our products are subject to change without notice.
We reserve the right at any time to modify or discontinue the Service (or any part or content thereof) without notice at any time.
We shall not be liable to you or to any third-party for any modification, price change, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.

Payment
All products remain DANZ property until full payment is made. The price applicable is that set at the date on which you place your order. Shipping costs and payment fees are recognized before confirming the purchase. If you are under 18 years old you must have parents' permission to buy from DANZ.
All transfers conducted through DANZ are handled and transacted through third party dedicated gateways to guarantee your protection. Card information is not stored and all card information is handled over SSL encryption. Please read the terms & conditions for the payment gateway choosen for the transaction as they are responsible for the transactions made.
 
Local Taxes
Please note that local charges (sales tax, customs duty) may occur, depending on your region and local customs duties. These charges are at the customers own expense.
  
Additional Information
DANZ reserves the right to amend any information, including but not limited to prices, technical specifications, terms of purchase and product offerings without prior notice. At the event of when a product is sold out, DANZ has the right to cancel the order and refund any amount paid in the best way. DANZ shall also notify the customer of equivalent replacement products if available.
Contact Information

Questions about the Terms and Conditions should be sent to us at hello@maradanz.com


REFUND POLICY

IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS CONCERNING YOUR ITEM, FEEL FREE TO CONTACT US AT: hello@maradanz.com


How do I return an item?

•	You have 10 calendar days to return an item from the date you received it.
•	To be eligible for a return, your item must be unused, unfilled and in the same condition that you received it. 
•	Make sure to include contact information with the return and if possible, please provide us with a tracking number. DANZ suggests you get a receipt and a package ID for the return from the delivery service, as it makes it easier to follow the return shipment if needed.
•	To complete your return, we require a receipt. Please add it to your retired item. 
•	If a returned item is shipped international, please clearly mark the package 'RETURNED GOODS', to avoid any Customs charges. DANZ is NOT responsible for any return Customs charges made. Any charges incurred are the responsibility of the customer.


Send Items to

Mara Danz
Schwertgasse 8
8750 Glarus

Please note: You are responsible for paying the return shipping fee. The shipping costs are non-refundable.

Refunds & Exchanges (if applicable)

Once  your return is received and inspected, we will send you an email to notify you that we have received your returned item. We will also notify you of the approval or rejection of your refund. If you are approved, your can choose weather you want to replace your item with another piece or get a refund.
Depending on where you live, the time it may take for your exchanged product to reach you may vary.
Please note, items on sale are not eligible for any refund.

----

Custom-fields:

- 
  title: Delivery
  cf_content: >
    delivery time 3-5 weeks the clothes are
    only produced after the order has been
    placed in order to use the resources
    consciously and to avoid overproduction
  content: >
    delivery time 3-5 weeks the clothes are
    only produced after the order has been
    placed in order to use the resources
    consciously and to avoid overproduction
- 
  title: Model
  cf_content: "Model Semaya is 178cm tall. She is wearing the dress 'Semaya Engi'."
  content: "Model Semaya is 178cm tall. She is wearing the dress 'Semaya Engi'."